greek-sentiment-lexicon
=======================
A lexicon to be used for sentiment analysis in Greek.

This lexicon was created with the support of the EC-funded FP7 Project [SocialSensor](http://socialsensor.eu/). Further information on the creation of the lexicon is available on Deliverable [D2.3: Social Stream Mining Framework](http://socialsensor.eu/images/D2.3.pdf) (p.66) of the project and on the respective [project page](http://socialsensor.eu/results/datasets/147-greek-sentiment-lexicon). 

Each row of the lexicon is tab-separated and corresponds to the following fields:
 * Term: Greek term to which the following annotations refer. In the cases of adjectives, all three genders (male, female, neutral) are implied with the provision of the suffixes (-ος -η -ο). In some cases, the terms refer to components of larger words. Those terms end with hyphen (-).
 * POS_x: Part of Speech tag assigned by annotator *x* (*x=1,2,3,4*). In a few complicated cases, there is no unanimous annotator agreement on the POS of a term.
 * Subjectivity_x: Subjectivity class assigned by annotator *x*. Possible values are Objective (`OBJ`), Weakly Subjective (`SUBJ-`) and Strongly Subjective (`SUBJ+`).
 * Polarity_x: Polarity class assigned by annotator *x*. Possible values are Positive (`POS`), Negative (`NEG`), Both positive and negative (`BOTH`) and Neutral (`N/A`).
 * Anger_x: Anger score assigned by annotator *x*. Possible values are between 1 and 5, and `N/A`.
 * Disgust_x: Disgust score assigned by annotator *x*. Possible values are between 1 and 5, and `N/A`.
 * Fear_x: Fear score assigned by annotator *x*. Possible values are between 1 and 5, and `N/A`.
 * Happiness_x: Happiness score assigned by annotator *x*. Possible values are between 1 and 5, and `N/A`.
 * Sadness_x: Sadness score assigned by annotator *x*. Possible values are between 1 and 5, and `N/A`.
 * Surprise_x: Surprise score assigned by annotator *x*. Possible values are between 1 and 5, and `N/A`.
 * Additional_x: Other terms that annotator *x* considered as relevant with this term.
 * Comments_x: Free-text comments to clarify the usage of the term.

`N/A` (Not Applicable) value is used in cases that the annotator considers that no value is appropriate for the term or in cases where he/she was not confident on the appropriate value.

**Acknoweldgements:** The lexicon was generated by Adam Tsakalidis (CERTH-ITI, now University of Warwick) in collaboration with Symeon Papadopoulos (CERTH-ITI) and with the contribution of Ourania Voskaki (Centre for Greek Language) and Kyriaki Ioannidou (Centre for Greek Language) and Christina Boididou (CERTH-ITI).
For feedback and suggestions, please get in touch with adam.tsakalidis@gmail.com and papadop@iti.gr.
